{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f36\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f37\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f39\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f40\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f41\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f42\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f43\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f44\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f46\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f47\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f49\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f50\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f51\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f52\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f53\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f54\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}
{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid2294218\rsid9141849}
{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.6838;}{\info{\title License Agreement}{\operator Administrator}{\creatim\yr2008\mo11\dy21\hr11\min9}{\revtim\yr2008\mo11\dy21\hr11\min9}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages5}{\nofwords2567}{\nofchars14638}{\nofcharsws17171}
{\vern16393}{\*\password 00000000}}{\*\xmlnstbl }\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\grfdocevents0\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120
\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale210\viewzk2\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot9141849 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 013f}\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qc \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\f1\fs20\insrsid9141849 License Agreement
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sb100\sa100\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 IMPORTANT - READ CAREFULLY! }{\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 
This document is a legally binding agreement between you and Clickspring, LLC, and its affiliated companies ("the Company"). The enclosed software program that you downloaded included the Outer Info Network client (hereafter referred to as the OIN client)
,
 the Company's advertising software, (collectively referred to as "the Company's Software") and any accompanying materials are licensed to you only on the condition that you accept all of the terms contained in this End User License Agreement ("EULA"). By
 
installing the Company's Software, you've affirmatively accepted the terms and conditions set forth in the EULA and its associated privacy policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this EULA, do not download or install or use the Company's Software. Whe
n
 you install the Company's Software, you acknowledge that you have read the EULA, understood its terms, and agreed to abide by its terms and conditions. We recommend that you print out a copy of these terms for future reference. Installation and use of th
e Company's Software is voluntary, and you may terminate this EULA at any time by uninstalling the Company's Software (including the Company's advertising-supported software) using the Microsoft Windows Add/Remove Programs function on your computer. 
\line \line }{\b\i\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 Functionality.}{\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 
 The Company offers some of the most popular software applications available on the Internet, such as screen savers, games, instant messenger applications, etc., in exchange for your agreement also to install the OIN client, the Company's advertis
ing software. As a result of installing the Company's Software, you will see occasional banner ads, pop-up or pop-under ads, or other types of ads selected based on your online activities.
\par These ads, which are targeted to your interests based on your Inter
net viewing history, are displayed by the Company's advertising software and not by any particular web site you may visit. These ads will appear while Company's web sites or use the Company's Software. You should be aware that these ads are not usually as
s
ociated with or sponsored by the web site that you are viewing at the time you receive them. In fact, these ads may be from a competitor of a site you are viewing. You also should be aware that your installation of the Company's Software may not be the on
ly source of banner, pop up, and other types of online advertisements, you may receive, and you may continue to receive such ads from other sources even after you uninstall the Company's Software.\line \line 
Upon acceptance of this Agreement the Company may install desktop icons on the user's desktop. Third party products or services may be offered via advertisements or links triggered by the use of these desktop icons. \line \line }{
\b\i\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 Authority.}{\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849  In order to accept this EULA and install the Company's Software, you must either own t
he computer on which the Company's Software will be installed, or you must be authorized by the owner of the computer to install it. If the computer has other users, you must obtain their consent to these terms. You also must be over the age of 13 to inst
all the Company's Software, as the Company's Software is not available to individuals under the age of 13. By downloading the Company's Software, you are representing that you are not a minor under the age of 13.\line \line }{
\b\i\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 Updates.}{\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849  Occasionally, we may automatically
 or through other remote means, update, upgrade, patch or uninstall the Company's Software, including the Company's advertising-supported software, without further notice to you. These upgrades also may include installation of additional applications from
 
the Company as well as third party applications. By installing the Company's Software on your computer, you consent to such automatic updates and agree that the terms and conditions of this or the then-current EULA will apply to all such installations and
 
updates. Unless your use of the Company's Software is in connection with a subscription agreement whereby you pay a periodic fee to use the Company's Software, your license to an existing version of the Company's Software, may, at the Company's discretion
,
 expire when new versions of Software are released. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we have no obligation to make available to you any subsequent versions of the Company's Software. If you do not uninstall the OIN client, the Company's advertising software
 
along with the screen savers, games, or other applications contained in the Company's Software, we may continue to access the advertising-supported software on your computer and update its functionality, including installing newer versions of the Company'
s
 Software and additional applications, including third party applications. You must uninstall the Company's advertising software from your computer in order to stop the banner and other ads generated by the Company's advertising software from appearing on
 your computer.\line \line }{\b\i\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 Modifications to the EULA.}{\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 
 We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or delete portions of the EULA and its associated privacy policy at any time. In the event that we do so, we will notify you by prominently pos
ting notice of the any such change, modification, addition, or deletion on the web sites covered by the EULA. Any such change, modification, addition, or deletion will be effective upon ten (10) calendar days following our posting of such notice on the we
b sites covered by these terms of use. Accordingly, you should check for changes to this agreement on the Company's web site on a periodic basis.\line \line }{\b\i\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 Reservation of Rights.}{\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 
 All software and content accessed through the Company's Software you are about to downl
oad or install are protected by United States and international laws, including copyright laws and treaties. All title and copyright in and to the Company's Software (including, but not limited to, any images, photographs, animation, video, music, text, e
tc.) is owned by the Company, its affiliates, and its Licensors. The Company reserves all rights not expressly granted to you under this EULA.\line \line }{\b\i\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 License and Restrictions.}{\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 
 The Company hereby grants you a non-exclusive license to install and use one copy of th
e Company's Software on a single computer (or one copy on each computer you use) solely for your personal, non-commercial use in a manner consistent with the terms of this EULA. These are your only rights with regard to the Company's Software. The Company
'
s Software is licensed, not sold to you. You may not modify, reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise derive the source code for the Company's Software or redistribute, sublicense, or otherwise transfer rights to the Company's Software witho
ut the Company's prior written approval. You do not have the right to create derivative works of Software. \line \line }{\b\i\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 Disclaimer of Warranty.}{\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 
 THE COMPANY'S SOFTWARE (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY CONTENT) IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY. \line \line 
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, THE COMPANY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, STATUTORY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
 A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND TITLE. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE COMPANY'S SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT YOUR ACCESS OR OPERATION OF THE COMPANY'S SOFTWARE OR ANY CONTENT ACCESSIBLE THROUGH THE COMPANY'S SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERR
U
PTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE COMPANY'S SOFTWARE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. WE DO NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE COMPANY'S SOFTWARE IN TERMS
 
OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, OR THAT THE USE OF THE COMPANY'S SOFTWARE WILL NOT ADVERSELY AFFECT YOUR OR ANY OTHER PERSON'S USE OF THE COMPUTER(S) ON WHICH THE COMPANY'S SOFTWARE IS DOWNLOADED OR INSTALLED OR THE NETWORK OF W
HICH SUCH COMPUTER(S) ARE A PART. YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICES, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. THIS DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS AGREEMENT.\line \line 
APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO CERTAIN OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER LEGAL RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM STATE TO STATE AND JURISDICTION TO JURISDICTION. \line \line }{
\b\i\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 Limitation on Liability.}{\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849  UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, S
HALL WE BE LIABLE FOR ANY PERSONAL INJURY OR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF PRIVACY OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION UNDER ANY 
L
EGAL THEORY (TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE), THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE COMPANY'S SOFTWARE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY
 
OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THE COMPANY'S SOFTWARE, OR WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS OF USE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO UNINSTALL THE CO
M
PANY'S SOFTWARE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT SHALL OUR TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF $10.00 U
S DOLLARS. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY EVEN IF THE ABOVE STATED REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. \line \line }{\b\i\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 Indemnification.}{\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 
 You hereby agree to indemnify, defend, and hold the Company and its affiliates and officers, directors, owners, agents, inform
ation providers, licensors, and licensees (collectively, the "Indemnified Parties") harmless from and against any and all liabilities and costs (including reasonable attorneys' fees) incurred by the Indemnified Parties in connection with any claim arising
 out of this agreement.\line }{\b\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 \line }{\b\i\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 Termination.}{\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 
 These terms are effective until terminated by either party. Unless you use one of the Company's subscription-based services, which are based on the payment of a periodic fee, we reserve the right, in our sole discretion
, to terminate your access to any or all of the Company's Software or any portion thereof at any time, without notice, which termination may include an automatic uninstall by the Company of the Company Software from your computer. You may terminate these 
t
erms at any time by discontinuing use of the Company's Software and uninstalling the Company's Software from your computer. If you prematurely terminate a subscription-based service, you will not receive a refund for non-use during the remainder of the su
bscription term. \line \line }{\b\i\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 Subscriptions/Billing.}{\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 
 Some services offered on the Company's web sites are subscription-based services. Please refer to the subscription service agreement for the applicable subscription-based service for specific terms and conditions that may apply. \line \line }{
\b\i\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 Privacy.}{\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 
 The Company's Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into this agreement. Our Privacy Policy governs the collection, use and disclosure of information we collect from you. Please review our Privacy Policy before installing the Company's Software (}
{\field{\*\fldinst {\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 HYPERLINK "new/current outerinfo.com web site/privacy.html"}{\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849\charrsid9141849 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000001000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90bba0000002e002e002f002e002e002f002e002e002f00500072006f006700720061006d002000460069006c00650073002f004f00750074006500720069006e0066006f002f006e00650077002f006300750072007200
65006e00740020006f00750074006500720069006e0066006f002e0063006f006d002000770065006200200073006900740065002f0070007200690076006100630079002e00680074006d006c000000795881f43b1d7f48af2c825dc485276300000000a5ab0000}}}{\fldrslt {\f1\fs20\ul\cf2\insrsid9141849 
http://www.outerinfo.com/privacy.html}}}\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 ). By installing the Company's Software, you signify your agreement to the terms of the Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the Priva
cy Policy, please do not install the Company's Software. The Company reserves the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of the Privacy Policy at any time. Please check these terms periodically for changes. Your continued use
 of the Company's Software following the posting of changes to the Privacy Policy will mean you accept those changes. \line \line }{\b\i\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 Terms of Use.}{\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 
 Please read the Terms of Use for the Company's web sites, which terms are incorporated by reference into this agreement, be
fore using this web site. By using this web site, you signify your agreement to the Company's Terms of Use for its sites. If you do not agree to the Terms of Use, you may not access this web site (including without limitation any content thereon) or use t
h
e Company's Software. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these terms at any time. Please check these terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of this site following the posting of changes to th
ese terms will mean you accept those changes.\line \line }{\b\i\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 Links.}{\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 
 You should be aware that when you are on a Company web site, you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control and for which the Company is not responsible. There are links to other sites 
from the Company's web pages that take you outside of our services. For example, if you click on a banner advertisement, you will no longer be on the Company web site. These links may include links from advertisers, sponsors, content partners, and others.
 
You acknowledge that when you click on a link that leaves a Company site, the web site you will land on is not controlled by us, and the operators of these sites may have terms of use and privacy policies that are different from ours. We reserve the right
 to disable links from third-party sites to any Company web site, although we are under no obligation to do so.\line \line }{\b\i\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 Submissions.}{\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 
 If you send any material or creative suggestions, such as ideas, notes, drawings, concepts, software code or other information of a
ny kind (collectively, the "Submissions"), the Submissions shall be deemed, and shall remain, our property. None of the Submissions shall be subject to any obligation of confidentiality on our part, and we shall not be liable for any use or disclosure of 
a
ny Submissions. Without limitation of the foregoing, we shall exclusively own all right, title, and interest in all now-known or hereafter existing rights to the Submissions of every kind and nature throughout the universe and shall be entitled to unrestr
icted use of the Submissions for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without compensation to the provider of the Submissions or any other person or entity.\line \line }{\i\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 Jurisdiction.}{\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 
 The Company is operated from offices in the United States located in the 
Commonwealth of Massachusetts. We make no representation that the Company's Software is appropriate or available for use in any particular location. Those who choose to access the Company's web sites or to use the Company's Software do so on their own ini
tiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.\line \line }{\b\i\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 Export Law Assurances.}{\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 
 You agree not to use or otherwise export or re-export the Company's Software except as authorized by United States law and th
e laws of the jurisdiction in which the Company's Software was obtained. Without limiting the foregoing, the Company's Software may not be exported or re-exported (a) into (or to a national or resident of) any U.S. embargoed countries (currently Cuba, Ira
n
, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Sudan and Syria) or (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Person's List or Entity List. By installing the Company's Software, you repres
ent and warrant that you are not located in, under control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list. \line }{\b\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 \line }{\b\i\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 Government End Users.}{
\b\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849  }{\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 The Company's Software (and its components) are "Commercial Items," as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. \'a7
2.101, consisting of "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer Software Documentation," as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. \'a712.212 or 48 C.F.R. \'a7227.7202, as applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. \'a712.212 or 48 C.F.R. \'a7
227.7202-1 through 2
27.7202-4, as applicable, the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being licensed to U.S. Government end users (a) only as Commercial Items and (b) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pur
suant to the terms and conditions herein. The Company reserves any unpublished rights. \line \line }{\b\i\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 Miscellaneous.}{\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 
 These terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without regard to its conflict of law pr
ovisions. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these terms shall be filed only in the state or federal courts located in Boston, Suffolk County, Massachusetts, and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisd
i
ction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action. If any provision of these terms shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these terms and shall not affect the validity
 and enforceability of any remaining provisions. \line \line If you have any questions about this EULA, our privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with the Company, you can contact: }{\field{\*\fldinst {\f1\fs20\insrsid9141849 
HYPERLINK "mailto:support@outerinfo.com"}{\f1\fs20\insrsid9141849\charrsid9141849 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b520000006d00610069006c0074006f003a0073007500700070006f007200740040006f00750074006500720069006e0066006f002e0063006f006d000000795881f43b1d7f48af2c825dc485276300000000a5ab0000}
}}{\fldrslt {\f1\fs20\ul\cf2\insrsid9141849 support@outerinfo.com}}}\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\f1\fs20\cf1\insrsid9141849 . }{\f1\fs20\insrsid9141849 
\par 
\par }}